Hey guys welcome back.
OK so this lecture we're going to jump into one of the user interfaces to explore and explain a little
bit about how they work what settings you have available to you and how for instance like they're targeting
works.
Now we chose Amsterdam just because I think it is the probably the most popular with the students because
it's the cheapest and it has the best ratio of features to cost.
So that's what we're going to do.
I didn't want to do something like boost and then no one else wants to spend 50 bucks a month.
So.
OK good answer Ask.com if you want follow along.
Otherwise try a different one.
You are welcome to.
So we're going to start our free three day trial.
Right.
You we need to sign up
accept their terms and policies blah blah blah.
All right so then it pops up into some words of wisdom which are actually kind of helpful.
All they're saying here is that make sure that your e-mails confirms that because if it's not confirmed
with Instagram so for instance if you didn't do the switch to a business profile and it forces you to
confirm it then this whole thing will work.
Then it's also important that you bind your instagram your Facebook page.
We talked about that before but protecting your account you do that because if you get locked out Facebook's
The only way back in uploading an avatar they just probably think they're talking about your profile
here so they want to make sure that you have at least six photos and an avatar.
Otherwise it looks like your a blank account trying to get people's attention and that just doesn't
work.
OK so then enter our Instagram account name.
So I'm actually just going to sign up with the main account as well.
And then the and and then right here it says use proxy for this account.
Now what is a proxy.
We'll talk about this more and we start doing zombies but a proxy basically means that it gives it's
a account a different IP address than the one you're using.
Now what's the problem if you don't use a proxy.
If you're making a lot of accounts and you manage a bunch of them and they're all using the same IP
address then it's going to look like to Instagram that one person is just coordinating all of these
accounts which is true.
But they kind of randomly change their mind about how they feel about that.
And so you're not really protecting yourself so sometimes it can happen is one of them will flag and
it'll flag all the ones that have also touched the IP address associated with it.
If you want to add a proxy you just do this and then you put this.
And we'll talk about this later.
Otherwise just hit an account.
OK.
So here we are.
And it warns me that I need to pay for it which probably will actually end up doing to use it.
OK so you actually have a lot going on here.
It can be a little overwhelming at first.
So down here they just have some default accounts that you can view this is somewhat helpful to see
how it works.
And so what basically happens is you're going to add accounts are targets.
You can either add a hash tag or an account and then it allow you to do lights comments and follows.
And if you don't want them to do that to that account you just make sure to turn these off.
In fact actually just delete them if you want to you then they get something called scamped and that
just means that they're going to be looking for certain things and people to follow or comment on and
they don't find it they just skip it.
OK so typically the way you do this would just be to hit new target OK.
And then we would want to add a competitor a location a hash tag or multiple ones.
Somebody try to hash tag one first because I know that innovation that hash tag seems to be a pretty
good one for me.
I don't yet have a perfect competitor.
There are some ones out there but I want to do a little more analysis to figure out which ones have
higher engagement rates because I don't want to go after the followers of an account that's mostly these
mass followers or people that made an account then forgot about it.
So you figure it goes post-dinner post lover.
Now what this means is post owner.
That means it's going to target the people who post things like the actual photo in that hash tag and
use that hash tag post lovers or the people that like those photos or comment on them.
For us we probably want the post lovers because those people are checking out the hash tag they're interested
in it and they like it.
These are just going to larger accounts most likely I don't really care about interacting with some
of the accounts that are also trying to grow they're following and they're just like a business account
so Olmedo posts lovers.
Now what I'm gonna do is innovation.
OK so target.
OK so now down here we have it we have liked comments follows and scamped and then coverage is just
how many of the people that like that did it actually get to.
And then conversion rate this is actually really useful it seems after it follows someone comments on
someone do they come back and do the same to you or follow you.
Right.
So that's actually a pretty useful metric and that's one reason to check in frequently.
So if I try this it turns out my conversion is just terrible.
Well then chances are I should probably stop doing that where you can do is put in multiple ones and
then kind of test both to see how that works.
So if I wanted to get rid of these because I'm not trying to go after those I get on another target
and I could pick another hashtag so maybe Futurism OK it's smaller hash tag number innovation was a
big one.
Futurism was a mid-size.
So kind of what I'm going for this is maybe it's smaller so I can get more attention.
So you can see it's 171 thousand posts so maybe people are falling small hashtags are probably more
engaged but also Futurism.
That's a little more specific than just bland innovation.
So we'll try that.
OK.
There we go.
Now like I said before I don't want to comments I just personally don't like them.
Do you want to try them.
You can't say I left you.
Sometimes what they do is they just posted a Mogi on someone's account.
And if you look in my account you can see some we can notice that some of these accounts are doing that
to us.
So I just turn off comments.
I just think it's weird.
Personally I'm going to leave it up to just doing these.
OK.
Now up here we have some sorting.
So if you do a lot of different targeting then you can put a whole bunch of them and then start sorting
by whatever and then decide which one works.
So for instance I can start by status and that would just be you know maybe I have a bunch of these.
I paused and not really using them.
So then the question just becomes maybe I can review them.
So I look for all my paw's ones I really want to bring back some sort of my deleted ones whatever.
Up here is a pretty quick one if you want to pause your entire thing.
You can hit that if you start your entire thing you can hit that.
Now over here we have a post section.
OK.
And it wants you to verify your time zone and verify that.
Sure.
That helps with their processing and then it shows to post that I have now for one two I can click these
and it'll give me a little more of a run down on it.
But I mean this is not why we're using this software.
So it just gives me the kind of basic thing you'd expect from really anything over here I can see scheduled
posts.
And here I have draft posts so it's going to pull these freezing buffer or later Graham it's going to
notice and it's going to actually put them here and draft post that happens when you're filling something
out and trying to exit out and ask you if you want to save it as a draft post.
Now the other thing our comments here.
You see this everywhere and honestly we just use iconic square or later Graham to do this so we can
actually go and respond to these people.
And that's actually pretty useful.
But I'm not going to use their system for this.
This is just not what I'm interested in.
Now the last thing is they're direct.
Now what happens with direct is that when someone calls you you can send them a direct message.
That's it.
Anybody who's going on Twitter or Instagram knows where he falls among a lot of times they'll send you
an auto direct message sometimes you know that works the problem with this is that it's so saturated
that people don't even notice it anymore.
If they follow you I don't know if they read it right.
But it's sometimes it's worth a shot.
I mean that's my kind of attitude towards it.
Will it convert a lot of people.
I don't know.
You can try different settings here too.
It's really hard to test out what works though.
So we don't really know.
Typically a good message would be something that sounds like an individual actually sit in on a robot
and then gives them some reason why to keep coming back to your account.
So my account if I do live videos every month for a giveaway I'd say that in my direct message is remind
them on the first of every month that you live giveaways.
And if I do stories I'd say top three innovations every day at this time.
So that might actually be useful.
All right so that is honestly it.
I mean there's not a lot to it.
That's why this one is so cheap here you can go to statistics if you want to and it will give you some
statistics about how your campaign is going.
You'll get like percentage averages you'll get coverage dates you'll get all sorts of random stuff.
OK so that's pretty much the bare bones.
That's it.
Now that I have added some promotional ones right here I can pause them or turn them back on and it
will actually just start going OK if you check back in in a day you'll notice that these numbers will
just start going up randomly.
So tinker around with it make sure that your Chun-Li checking that conversion rate so that you are getting
the most out of your 400 or 300 interactions per day and make sure that you're trying to cycle these
through constantly to see if you can find better and better groups to be targeting.
All right guys go explore and do this yourself in the next couple of years.
All just do check ins to let you know how this is going later on.
And as I add in new targets and then we can see what the conversion rate is.
It'll take a couple of days though so I will see then.